OP SDS docs suggestions (#38242)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/processors/sensitive_data_scanner.md

The Sensitive Data Scanner processor is CPU intensive. Use the following best practices to optimize performance.

### View scanning rule usage with the Observability Pipelines Overview dashboard

Observability Pipelines includes an out-of-the-box [Observability Pipelines Overview][13] dashboard with a **Sensitive data found by Observability Pipelines** section. Use the widgets in that section to see which scanning rules are matching data.

1. Navigate to Dashboards > [Observability Pipelines Overview][13].
1. Use the template variables (`pipeline_id`, `host`, `worker_uuid`, `component_type`, `component_kind`, `component_id`) at the top of the dashboard to scope the view to a specific pipeline or Worker.
1. Use the time selector to scope to a wider time frame.

> Use these widgets to evaluate your Sensitive Data Scanner processors' scanning rule usage:

Author: ```suggestion
Use the following widgets to evaluate your Sensitive Data Scanner processors' scanning rule usage:
```

- **Logs containing sensitive data per scanning rule**: Lists each rule by name (for example, `visa_card_scanner_1x16_1x19_digits` or `redact_ipv4`) with the number of matches over the selected time frame. Rules with high counts are actively matching data. This is the primary widget to see which rules are in use.

> - **Total count of logs containing sensitive data**: Shows the overall volume of sensitive data matches across all rules, so you can gauge how much sensitive data the processor is matching.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Total count of logs containing sensitive data**: Shows the total volume of sensitive data matched across all rules.
```

- **Logs containing sensitive data by Pipeline**: Shows matching logs that contain sensitive data. You can scope matches down by `pipeline_id`, which helps you see whether logs containing sensitive data is found in all pipelines or only in specific pipelines.

> - **Logs containing sensitive data per host**: Breaks  down sensitive data matches by Worker host. Use this widget to confirm coverage across your deployment.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Logs containing sensitive data per host**: Breaks down sensitive data matches by Worker host. Use this widget to confirm coverage across your deployment.
```

The Sensitive Data Scanner processor is CPU intensive. Use the following best practices to optimize performance.

> ### View scanning rule usage with the out-of-the-box Observability Pipelines dashboard

Author: ```suggestion
### View scanning rule usage with the Observability Pipelines Overview dashboard
```

> Observability Pipelines includes an out-of-the-box [Observability Pipelines Overview][13] dashboard with a **Sensitive data found by Observability Pipelines** section. Use the widgets in that section to see which scanning rules are matching data and which ones might need to be refined or could be disabled. For example:

Author: Some suggests/thoughts/questions
- I was thinking linking directly to the dashboard here might be better.
- An example for when you'd want to refine a rule
- I gave a more specific example of when you'd disable rules. Let me know what you think of it.

Reviewer: 1.  Yes let's link directly to OOTB dashboard
2. Remove the refine and disable rule part from preamble
Mainly change the narrative to be about "Use the dashboard to monitor SDS rule matches from OP"

Author: ```suggestion
Observability Pipelines includes an out-of-the-box [Observability Pipelines Overview][13] dashboard with a **Sensitive data found by Observability Pipelines** section. Use the widgets in that section to see which scanning rules are matching data.
```

- NEED EXAMPLE of when you'd refine a rule

> - If you don't ingest logs with network and device information, disable those rules to prevent them from adding unnecessary CPU overhead.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Navigate to Dashboards > [Observability Pipelines Overview][13].

Author: Broke it down into steps for easier readability.

1. Use the template variables (`pipeline_id`, `host`, `worker_uuid`, `component_type`, `component_kind`, `component_id`) at the top of the dashboard to scope the view to a specific pipeline or Worker.
1. Use the time selector to scope to a wider time frame.

> Use these widgets to evaluate your Sensitive Data Scanners' scanning rule usage:

Author: ```suggestion
Use these widgets to evaluate your Sensitive Data Scanner processors' scanning rule usage:
```

> - **Logs containing sensitive data per scanning rule**: Lists each rule by name (for example, `visa_card_scanner_1x16_1x19_digits` or `redact_ipv4`) with the number of matches over the selected time frame. Rules with high counts are actively protecting data. This is the primary widget to see which rules are in use.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Logs containing sensitive data per scanning rule**: Lists each rule by name (for example, `visa_card_scanner_1x16_1x19_digits` or `redact_ipv4`) with the number of matches over the selected time frame. Rules with high counts are actively matching data. This is the primary widget to see which rules are in use.
```

> - **Total count of logs containing sensitive data**: Shows the overall volume of matches across all rules, so you can gauge how much sensitive data the processor is matching. Use this widget to confirm the Sensitive Data Scanner processor is working as expected before looking into individual rules.

Author: When you say "working as expected" do you mean that it's matching some data and not just showing no data being matches?

Reviewer: Yeah we can remove this
Use this widget to confirm the Sensitive Data Scanner processor is working as expected before looking into individual rules.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Total count of logs containing sensitive data**: Shows the overall volume of sensitive data matches across all rules, so you can gauge how much sensitive data the processor is matching.
```

> - **Logs containing sensitive data by Pipeline**: Breaks matches down by `pipeline_id`, which helps you see whether a rule is used in all pipelines or only in specific pipelines. A rule matching in one pipeline but not others may be a candidate to scope more narrowly.

Author: I don't really understand how you can see in this widget whether a specific rule is getting matched. How do you scope to a specific rule?

Reviewer: Remove 
A rule matching in one pipeline but not others may be a candidate to scope more narrowly.

Reviewer: Breaks matches down by `pipeline_id`, which helps you see whether a rule is used in all pipelines or only in specific pipelines.
Change to 
Shows matching logs that contain sensitive data. You can scope matches down by `pipeline_id`, which helps you see whether logs containing sensitive data is found in all pipelines or only in specific pipelines.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Logs containing sensitive data by Pipeline**: Shows matching logs that contain sensitive data. You can scope matches down by `pipeline_id`, which helps you see whether logs containing sensitive data is found in all pipelines or only in specific pipelines.
```

> - **Logs containing sensitive data per host**: Breaks matches down by Worker host. Use this widget to confirm coverage across your deployment and identify hosts where a rule is or is not matching.

Author: Same here, I don't understand how you break that data down to a specific rule.

Reviewer: it's not, good point, only shows at per host level, not per rule

Author: ```suggestion
- **Logs containing sensitive data per host**: Breaks  down sensitive data matches by Worker host. Use this widget to confirm coverage across your deployment.
```

> - **Patterns containing sensitive information** and **List of logs containing sensitive data**: Show the log patterns and sample events where sensitive data was found, so you can verify a rule is matching the data you expect (and not producing false positives).

Author: Same here

Reviewer: yeah remove the last bit, we are just showing patterns of logs that contain sensitive data matched by OP

Author: ```suggestion
- **Patterns containing sensitive information** and **List of logs containing sensitive data**: Shows the log patterns and sample events where sensitive data was found.
```

After you identify rules with no matches over a representative time frame, confirm they are not needed and remove them. See [Delete a rule](#delete-a-rule).

> **Note**: A rule with zero matches means the rule did not match in the selected time frame, not that the rule is invalid. Before removing a rule, widen the time frame and confirm the data it scans for is absent, so you do not remove a rule that catches rare but important sensitive data.

Author: Since we don't want to tell users to remove rules, I think we should remove the last sentence.

```suggestion
**Note**: A rule with zero matches means the rule did not match in the selected time frame, not that the rule is invalid. 
```
